Add parent navigation support for the navigator component (#47883)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/navigator/navigator-to-parent-button/README.md

# `NavigatorToParentButton`

<div class="callout callout-alert">
This feature is still experimental. “Experimental” means this is an early implementation subject to drastic and breaking changes.
</div>

The `NavigatorToParentButton` component can be used to navigate to a screen and should be used in combination with the [`NavigatorProvider`](/packages/components/src/navigator/navigator-provider/README.md), the [`NavigatorScreen`](/packages/components/src/navigator/navigator-screen/README.md) and the [`NavigatorButton`](/packages/components/src/navigator/navigator-button/README.md) components (or the `useNavigator` hook).

## Usage

Refer to [the `NavigatorProvider` component](/packages/components/src/navigator/navigator-provider/README.md#usage) for a usage example.

### Inherited props

> `NavigatorBackButton` also inherits all of the [`Button` props](/packages/components/src/button/README.md#props), except for `href`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NavigatorToParentButton` also inherits all of the [`Button` props](/packages/components/src/button/README.md#props), except for `href` and `target`.
```
